---------------------------------------------------------------------------------RN----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Actual Problems:
Q:Construction of vector space
A:Division of one square unit of node by the confiugured node constant (usually >1000)
  Need to provide support for direction oriented growth of the segments
  This need not be done in the construction process , this could be incorporated in the segment codign logic



Q:Class Definition of a vector (position with direction)
A:Need 3 dimensional corodinated for the exact position of the point and also a median angle of the branch and the segments inclination for new outgrowth segments


Q:Algorithm for Segment Growth and Vector overlapping forming synapses:
A:Every segment will have its median angle (i.e basically the amount of inclination it took from its base segment)
  and it will also have an inclination angle attribute that will be used for any new branchlings shooting out of the current branch.
Q:How to decide whether a segment whould right split, left split or branch even ?
  🤔🤔🤔 (still Wondering) Needs to be Round Robin. 
Q:How to decide when a segment should add the next connection or branch towards a new direction ?
A: Dont do any of the above just do random search and connect.
 

Temporal and Apical:
Q:How will you implement Temporal and Apical Connections for FeedBack ?


Things to keep in mind while designing the connector algorithm:
1.Need to maintain a Connector graph to determine whether connection point is available or not whithout having to go through the entire neuron segment tree.( )
2.How to implement temporal and apical axonal connections via this network ?
--Temporal lines and Apical Dendrites.


T:
-No general connection technique for all neurons to grow , each single neuron should  have its own connection schema , which it will follow for all growth puposes. (In the begining all will have similar mechanism which can be altered later as wish.)
-A region can get influenced by temporal connections from a different region and apical connection from another region these connection also have to be taken into account while processing any input(Also need to come up with mechanism to do that.)
-Proximal Dendrites will have bounds on how much they can grow and only dital dendrites can grow based on the neural schema.
-A Neuron based on how much spike power it takes it can fire in thre different modes , single fire , Intermittent Firing and Continuous Spiking.

Q:How to decide how many connection points should live on one single line / column and also how many columns should be there in the whole block ?
cube constant    No. of CP/line   No.lines
1000                10               100
10000               100              100
100000              100              1000
1000000             1000             1000

Q:How to handle connection fabric, am using uint for position3D , it will be less when i want 100k points within 1 block , i should 

T:How do you want to handle the branching of dednrites and axons ?
A: simple random branching.

Q:What is the purpose of transforming within neuro blocks
A: whenever generating new random positions ,if the random square neuro block for the position being considered is going to be transformed into  jsut x left then basis block are different and if its xz transform then basis blocks are different than 
x baiss blocks. so need to be included than that.
